migrate over communications & outreach page (with updates) (#23)
cct-datascience/group-procedures: outreach-communication.qmd

    3.  You can [add new content](https://quickstart.arizona.edu/get-started/adding-content) or [edit existing content](https://quickstart.arizona.edu/create-content/editor-toolbar)

-   **People**

    -   **Add / edit people** <https://quickstart.arizona.edu/people-directories>

-   **Add blogpost** (this is added as a 'news' type) <https://quickstart.arizona.edu/create-content/adding-news-pages>

-   **Update Menu**

-   **Preview page without publishing**

    -   Save the page unpublished so that you can see how it will display without the public seeing it.

-   Projects

    -   Card summary - 1-2 sentences, only appears on the card

## Social Media

### Twitter

We no longer post to our Twitter/X account [\@cct_datascience](https://twitter.com/cct_datascience)

### Mastodon / fediverse

We have a mastodon account [\@cct_datascience\@fosstodon.org](https://fosstodon.org/@cct_datascience).
To log in, you'll find the password on [stache](https://stache.arizona.edu/) (you may need to ask for it to be shared with you if you don't see it)

#### Guidelines

-   Please review the group [code of conduct](code-of-conduct.qmd) before posting to ensure you adhere to these guidelines

> -   Including relevant pictures in posts are encouraged.
>     **Please get explicit verbal/written consent from everyone in the picture before posting.**

Author: ```suggestion
-   Including relevant pictures in posts are encouraged.
    **Please get explicit verbal/written consent from everyone in the picture before posting.**
    Tag people in the pictures who are on Mastodon **with their permission**
```

---
title: "Communications and Outreach"
---

## Documents and Websites to Update regularly

-   [CCT Data Science website](https://datascience.cct.arizona.edu/)

> -   [CCT Service Catalog](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LIxkktiP219_Xd24vXpgA1Qz7j7WcuRORtN26p2Qujw/edit)

Author: I have literally never seen this before.  Do we need to review and update it?

-   CALS Grad Student List Serv: send announcement to Dr. Jia Hu [jiahu\@arizona.edu](mailto:jiahu@arizona.edu)

-   Individual CALS departments listservs as appropriate:

    <!--# TODO: these likely need updating -->

    -   [ruthholladay\@arizona.edu](mailto:ruthholladay@arizona.edu) Ruth Holladay for SNRE weekly digest

    -   [jbee\@arizona.edu](mailto:jbee@arizona.edu) Jessica Bee for FCSC/Human Ecology grad student listserv

    -   \_\_\_ for Plant sciences grad student listserv

    -   [jabrilithomas\@arizona.edu](mailto:jabrilithomas@arizona.edu) Jabril Thomas for ACBS

    -   [davaj\@arizona.edu](mailto:davaj@arizona.edu) Dava Jondall for Biosystems Engineering

    -   [danielleb\@arizona.edu](mailto:danielleb@arizona.edu) Danielle Pilar Buhrow for AREC

    -   [nmcisaac\@arizona.edu](mailto:nmcisaac@arizona.edu) Naomi McIsaac for Environmental Science

    -   [prupert\@arizona.edu](mailto:prupert@arizona.edu) Peggy Rupert for Nutritional Sciences and Wellness

    -   [pnielsen322\@arizona.edu](mailto:pnielsen322@arizona.edu) Paula Nielsen for Entomology

    -   [thodges\@arizona.edu](mailto:thodges@arizona.edu) Tanya Hodges for AETI (Yuma)

> -   Data Science Institute ["Data Drip"](https://bcf.arl.arizona.edu/news) at [Rii-datascienceinstitute\@arizona.edu](mailto:Rii-datascienceinstitute@arizona.edu) <!--# this URL is broken.  What is "Data Drip" and does it exist still? -->

Reviewer: I checked out the `https://bcf.arl.arizona.edu/news` link (aka: data drip news) and it looks good. Is that the URL that was broken? **Data Drip** appears to be what they call the monthly news letter

Author: Huh, might have been a temporary issue

-   R-Users AZ listserv, send announcement to Jeff Oliver [jcoliver\@email.arizona.edu](mailto:jcoliver@email.arizona.edu)

> -   CALS [Data Science Ambassadors](https://datascience.arizona.edu/dsa)

Author: ```suggestion
-   CALES [Data Science Ambassadors](https://datascience.arizona.edu/dsa)
```

> -   CALS Data Science Ambassadors

Reviewer: URL https://datascience.arizona.edu/dsa?

-   **Preview page without publishing**

    -   Save the page unpublished so that you can see how it will display without the public seeing it.

-   **Clear cache** so it appears to public immediately

    -   [Configuration --\> Development --\> Performance](https://datascience.cct.arizona.edu/admin/config/development/performance) --\> Clear all caches

-   Projects

    -   Card summary - 1-2 sentences, only appears on the card

## Social Media

### Twitter

We no longer post to our Twitter/X account [\@cct_datascience](https://twitter.com/cct_datascience)

### Mastodon / fediverse

We have a mastodon account [\@cct_datascience\@fosstodon.org](https://fosstodon.org/@cct_datascience).
To log in, you'll find the password on [stache](https://stache.arizona.edu/) (you may need to ask for it to be shared with you if you don't see it)

#### Guidelines

-   Please review the group [code of conduct](code-of-conduct.qmd) before posting to ensure you adhere to these guidelines

-   Including relevant pictures in posts are encouraged.
    **Please get explicit verbal/written consent from everyone in the picture before posting.**

> -   Cite sources and mention them (\@journal or \@author) if possible

Author: ```suggestion
-   Cite sources and mention users (\@journal or \@author) in posts when applicable
```

> -   If anyone comments on a post, make sure to respond to them, especially if it's a question.

Reviewer: Perhaps add `Responses can include emojis, comments, and replies. If responding out of channel, consider replying with an emoji in channel`?

Author: I didn't quite understand this comment.  I'm going to go ahead and merge this PR, but please feel free to open an issue with more details on this.

-   All posts and replies should include at least one mention of a user or organization, or a relevant hashtag.
    These elements can bring others into a conversation, make our content more visible to a wider audience, and generate more engagement and followers.

-   Example hashtags: #UArizona, #UniversityOfArizona, #Rstats, #DataScience, #DigitalAg, #DataViz, #AcademicChatter, #RSEng

#### Ideas for posts

-   Feel free to get creative!
    This is just a limited list of possible selections.

-   Content should be directly in line with our mission statement

>     -   **The mission of the UA ag data group is to provide scientists and engineers with open software, data, and computing that will allow more efficient discovery and invention so that we can engineer crops and manage sustainable agricultural landscapes that produce food, energy, and ecosystem services.**

Reviewer: Change to a link to our current mission statement (undergoing revision as I write this)
